!!! Change Stream map() map_size() API(since it currently encourages code constructs that may break sequence point rules).

!!! Make sure all legal notices and licenses for DLLs are included in the Win32 binary distribution !!!

!!! Initialize statically-allocated Blip_Buffer objects(via clear() method) and reset any corresponding last-value variables
on game load for each emulated system.

!!! Systems with RTC emulation: Fix code to NOT use localtime(), which has consistency issues due to relying on external state(IE time zones), at
			    any time other than virtual power toggle/init.

!!! Look into using jemalloc or similar on Windows builds due to poor handling of realloc() by the CRT/underlying Win32 API, which results in state rewinding with
PS1 emulation causing address space exhaustion on 32-bit builds.

Draw lightgun crosshairs driver-side.

Save state preview images should reflect the screen-rotation(ALT+O) state somehow, probably at time of creation.

Display current input setup(port mappings) in upper right corner of screen in smallest or second-smallest font, with black border, on
game load; setting to control the time length of this display.

Rework state rewinding code to run the XOR filter and compressor on small chunks instead of the whole save state, to improve performance due to better
L1 cache utilization.

CTRL+SHIFT+1 intermediate disconnected state.

Audit code to ensure proper handling of pointer variables when a constructor or new throws an exception(IE make sure cleanup code doesn't
delete an uninitialized pointer).

Write StreamSpace(or StreamArchive?) class, write ZIPReader and GZReader, write MappedMemoryStream(derived from MemoryStream), and
rewrite file.cpp and other code to use these instead of MDFNFILE.

CD emulation/handling:
	Stricter CUE and TOC sheet parsing.

	Support for "INDEX" directive in TOC files.

YM2612:
	Timer fixes?

Internationalization issues:
	Alter similar translatable strings in various emulation modules to be the same strings.
	
	Ensure all important translatable strings are marked as such.

	Update Russian and German translations.

	Filesystem character coding vs UTF8 internal encoding vs locale.

	Wrap iconv() in C++ classes.

Documentation:
	Document systems with a debugger available.

Netplay:
	Simplify name resolution and eventually remove hackish-sort-preference for IPv4 addresses over IPv6(in 2014 maybe?), split functionality
	into different components:
		NetServer (maybe, to support *potentially* lower-latency P2P-style netplay)
		NetClient (keep, and rework, select() type functionality in this class)
		|-NetAddress
		|-NetConnection

	Consider handling a recv() return value of 0 differently.

	Netplay merge type(uint8), merge count(uint8, bits in with some merge types, bytes with others).

	void MDFNI_SetInput(uint32 port, uint32 type);
	void MDFND_InputSetNotification(uint32 port, uint32 type, uint8* data, uint32 data_len);
	(...more here...)

Settings:
	Fix the problem where a bad setting value in the configuration file can't be properly overridden by the command line.

	Quote(and escape) string-type settings in the configuration file.

	Protect settings structures and objects with mutexes(for thread safety when using MDFNI_SetSetting() while the emulator is running)

	Save some emulation-related settings in save states, and temporarily(until another save state load, or a virtual power toggle via F11) make
	them active.  Consider implications for netplay, state rewinding, and PSX memory card emulation(slots can be disabled via settings).
	Would require revamping large amounts of code.
	

Video:
	Have temporal blur feature occur after special scalers, driver-side.

	Move deinterlacing driver-side.

	Mixed-horizontal-resolution screens have Y coordinate precision issues in regards to rendering(in drivers/video.cpp), which
	can cause vertical subscreen positioning to be off in the case of non-integer vertical scaling, which will cause parts of the
	screen to jitter/bounce slightly in certain cases in some games(Seiken Densetsu 3 dialogue boxes are a good example).  ALSO, such screens highlight
	the border color blending issue when OpenGL texture interpolation is enabled.
	TODO is to fix it, obviously. ;)  

	LineWidths alternative(or extra info) to store sub-pixel x offset and width components.

	Refactor hq2x, scale2x, 2xsai, etc. filtering code into classes based off an abstract base class.

	Add a "tblur.handle_gamma" setting that, when enabled, will cause gamma-correct temporal blurring.

Sound:
	Handle sound being disabled.

	Handle sound device failures(e.g. USB device removals, or a doofy user disabling the device in Windows while Mednafen
	is using it) more gracefully.

	Open sound device in the game thread, and close it in the game thread, since the game thread is what writes to it.

Backup memory:
	Create a backup of the non-volatile memory(save-RAM) file the first time it is overwritten/replaced since emulator
	startup(incidentally, in cases other than for PSX, this first time will generally occur on emulator exit).

PCE_FAST:
	Add padding to start of data mapped into HuC6280 for instruction reads to prevent a crash if a game does a negative relative branch to
	before the start of the memory region.

	MWR latching!


PCE:
	Test writes to $0806 when channel is enabled and DDA mode disabled, to track down the cause of some bus-conflicty-sounding
	glitches in an old sound playback demo program I wrote.

	Fix emulation of CD-DA current amplitude register used by the BIOS CD-DA player(right now L and R appear to be reversed,
	but I think there are more problems with its emulation than just that).

	Improve accuracy of PSG ultrasonic playback frequency optimization kludge(particularly when going from a really
	low frequency directly to a ultrasonic frequency).

	<AamirM> <Ki_> one thing about timer inside the HuC6280
	<AamirM> <Ki_> the 7-bit timer is decremented when MSB of the prescaler changes from 1 to 0.
	<AamirM> <Ki_> (assuming the prescaler is an up counter)
	<AamirM> <Ki_> the prescaler seems to be a 10-bit counter
	<AamirM> <Ki_> which is reset to zero when zero is written to the control bit ($0c01.bit0)
	<AamirM> <Ki_> if the control bit is written to zero when the prescaler is greater than 512 (i.e. the MSB is 1),
	<AamirM> <Ki_> prescaler is reset and the MSB changes from 1 --> 0
	<AamirM> <AamirM> ah..so the timer decrements
	<AamirM> <Ki_> exactly
	<AamirM> <Ki_> and if the timer value was zero at that point, /TIRQ will be asserted

	Fix HuC6280 op TMA with multiple bits set.

	Determine startup state of various chips(including PSG).

	Fix sprite 0 IRQ timing.

	Ensure all state is being saved to save states.

	Fix VRAM->VRAM DMA, SAT DMA timing, and CPU-halting handling with new information from tests on a real system.

	Fix broken SuperGrafx window emulation.

	Emulate disabled button/output when CLR is active on gamepad reads(might need to adjust the multitap code
	to buffer data in this case?).

	Double-check timer IRQ semantics vs real system(what reads and writes acknowledge IRQs, cli-then-ack behavior, 
	mask register write effective delay, etc.).

	Fix ADPCM crackling during save state rewinding.

GBA:
	GSF multiboot support, and make sure it works(and GSF loading in general) on big-endian platforms.

SMS:
	Rewrite VDP execution loop so events happen on the correct cycles more or less, and to remove the ugly IRQ-versus-
	IRQ-bit-status-poll hacks.  Use "z80_tstates" to do this.

	Simplify and improve(including TH latching of VDP H-counter) IO emulation, and use Genesis controller/gamepad
	code(abstract it out of the Genesis code, into hw_input/sega_db9/* or something similar)

	Galactic Protector input when FM sound is enabled.

	Actually save/restore YM2413 data in save states.

NGP:
	Implement low-level BIOS and auxillary hardware emulation, with information provided by Judge.

VB:
	Check if Red Alarm's sound effects are supposed to be totally wonky when various sound effects "overlap".

	Look into getting VIP SCANRDY status bit emulated correctly.

Genesis:
	Correctly handle 6-button controller "Mode" button being pressed during Mednafen startup.

	Fix VDP H-counter read value(write test program if necessary).

	Add Z80 IRQ ack hack which can be controlled by a setting.

	Event system, fix possible problems with excessively long 68K instructions and the Z80 IRQ
	not being handled.

	Implement "Virtua Racing" SVP emulation via code supplied by notaz.

	Look into the problem of some broken sound effects in Mortal Kombat.

PC-FX:
	cdrom/scsicd.cpp
		Increase data transfer buffer size(or separate the CD read buffer from the SCSI data transfer buffer,
		and make it larger).

		Allow commands that require medium access to complete successfully if there's no disc present and 
		the "alloc size" field is 0.

		Generate SCSI errors when reserved fields are set to something other than 0(especially cdb[1] and the final cdb
		entry).

		Complete mode page emulation: especially the CD audio control page, tests need to be done on the real
		system to see if the volume fields have any effect, and if it's possible to have both L and R channels active
		(0x3) on a single output port, or if only one is allowed per output port.

		Determine what data command 0xDE, mode 0x03, match 0xB0 is returning(the PhotoCD player uses it, it may
		contain information encoding the LBA of the filesystem).
		Doing this will require obtaining various CD-i, CD-i Ready, and PhotoCD discs for examination.

		Command 0xDE(GETDIRINFO):
			Add handling for disc type specifier(CD, CD-XA, CD-i) for mode 3.

		Command 0x42(READ SUB-CHANNEL):
			Add proper MCN and ISRC support.

			Figure out the weirdness when the ISRC is requested for a data track.

			Implement Q subchannel interpolation(perhaps globally).
	
			Only return Q subchannel data for audio operations?

			Emulate audio completion(or lack thereof) status correctly(if completed successfully, 
			0x13, and from then on 0x15, I believe).

			Investigate audio status code when scanning.

	mempeekhw

	movbsu, cache load/store breakpoints

	Figure out 1M/4M DRAM mode differences on KING [low priority]

	Determine correct relative volume levels between ADPCM, CD-DA, and PSG.

	Investigate reported discrepancy between real PC-FX and Mednafen when uploading waveform to PSG by rewriting
	the channel number/index before each sample write(on a real PC-FX, it doesn't work; IE, likely either the sample
	writes are being ignored, or the waveform memory index is being reset on channel number/index write).

	Fix ADPCM crackling during save state rewinding.

NES:
	Fix/Check left/right screen edges wrt overscan color and artefacting.

	Save/Load expansion sound chip state when utilizing save states in the NSF player.

	Add some kind of protection against FDS corruption when exiting the emulator in the middle of a disk write.

	Fix apparent sound skew(lost cycles?) messing up blargg's DMC tests.

	Fix weird graphical glitches in Quattro Sports: BMX Simulator

	nes/boards/vrc7.cpp (slot save state saving)

WonderSwan:
	Fix V30MZ rep prefix emulation timing accuracy problems.

	Tonpuusou, writing to frequency reg implicitly turns on timer?

Reexamine the code for choosing which emulation module to use.  Highest priority to file extension(as long as the extension is unique to a system,
"bin" is not unique for example), and special magic test functions if that fails.

Investigate reports of undefined symbols(in the WonderSwan x86 disassembler, and possibly other places).  There ARE references to
undefined symbols, but the symbols that reference them are never referenced themselves.  We should probably fix this.

Add dummy copy constructors to lots of our new classes.

TODO:  Add a "SaveStateMD5" member to the MDFNGI struct, to allow the sharing of battery-backed save files between PCE and PCE_FAST
without allowing save states to be shared.

TODO: Do locking in drivers/remote.cpp

TODO: Consider locking in MDFNI_printf() due to the indentation global variable.

Alter MD5 hash of games based on the module's name for save states etc.?

Save state timestamp-related variables consistency checks to avoid the possibility of buffer overruns and, less importantly, locking up the emulator
by use of malicious save states.

Investigate excessively long pause time after buffer underrun with ALSA and Intel HDA.

Rewrite the cheat interface, and add support for multiple patches per named cheat.

Maybe save cheats immediately after edit(but file locking/atomic replace first).

Movie recording non-overwriting.

Clean up intialization/deinitialization code so that more than one game can be loaded per Mednafen run.  Including cleaning up the
 sound file player interface to not trash a system's MDFNGI struct. 
 (This is a lot harder than it sounds! :b)

Debugger(general):
	GetAddressSpaceBytes()/PutAddressSpaceBytes() per-byte error reporting(open bus, CD data track read fail for PC-FX, etc.).

	New aux breakpoint syntax, like:
		vram[0-7fff]
		vdc[0-5]
		mawr
		mwr
		bxr
		bxr-byr

	Disassembly address forcible resynchronization has inconsistent results across different emulated systems; make
	them consistent.

	Breakpoint logger mode(instead of breaking, output the instruction address that caused the breakpoint,
	and which breakpoint was triggered(assuming that address+breakpoint pair wasn't outputted to the text file already).

	Add opcode breakpoints to PC-FX and NES debuggers.

	Debugger memory usage map and per-address-space breakpoints.

	Support for multi-line entries in the log viewer.

	fix various debugger problems(first, register updates when in stepping mode, or when new values are inputted in the register editor)

	Up-to-date register updates(for things like timer counter registers) during debugger while in step mode.

	Sprite viewer

	BG map viewer

	Full undefined behavior logging

Input macro recording.

Return -1 on game load error in main(), -2(maybe!) for unknown format.
